Telly hates me, and I think I finally hit bottom.
15 minutes, Alison.
She won't talk to me, let alone look at me.
She moves around the beach house like I ruined her life.
She said she hates me.
I need help, James.
Please, I want to go back to me up.
I want to get back up the path that I was on a couple years ago.
Great.
I know.
Do you think that we can fix things between us?
No, there is no fixing us.
I told you that when we got divorced.
James, please!
Wait, wait.
Just, just let me get the help that I need.
And then we can fix things.
No, Alison, I'm sorry.
But there is no way I would give us a chance again.
You didn't just cheat on me.
Your betrayal broke me.
Because you, at one point,
were the only woman I could ever imagine loving.
James, James, why can't you see that I tried to change?
You said that we were changing many times.
And after a while, one stops believing that shit could end up being true.
I hope you do change.
And one day, realize how much you've destroyed acting the way you do.
Alison!
James?